Update Readme to include Front-End GUI Requirement (#131)
cisagov/ScubaGoggles: README.md

Many of the these controls can be scoped down to the organizational unit level. We recommend [creating a new organization unit](https://support.google.com/a/answer/182537?hl=en#:~:text=An%20organizational%20unit%20is%20simply,level%20(parent)%20organizational%20unit) and applying these controls just to that new organizational unit for testing. Rerun ScubaGoggles after you've saved your configuration changes to see if the policy requirement is met.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Use of this tool requires access to an internet browser to authenticate with Google Workspace as well as view the html report output.

Reviewer: Slight tweak to clarify since consenting to the API scopes (and the other setup tasks within the GCP console) via the browser occur on the initial run but won't happen every time. Feel free to use or lose as you see fit.

```suggestion
> Use of this tool requires access to an internet browser for initial setup and to view html report output.
```

Author: Figure I'll just move it down one line to the top of the getting started section. My thought is that we want this warning up as high as possible so that if someone is using the guide to set up, they don't waste time with a few implementation steps before realizing they are not able to use the tool on their machine.

```
Ensure that you consented to the following API scopes as a user with the proper [permissions to consent](#permissions) and have enabled the required [APIs and Services](#create-an-oauth-credential).

### Unable to view HTML report due to environment limitations 

> If you are unable to view the HTML report in a browser window, the results of the complicance scan can be viewed in their raw JSON format. 

Reviewer: On M365 they have been using "conformance" instead of "compliance."

```suggestion
If you are unable to view the HTML report in a browser window, the results of the conformance scan can be viewed in their raw JSON format. 
```

Author: Changed all instances of 'compliance' to 'conformance'

> We recommend running the compliance report in quiet mode. This can be done with the `--quiet` command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend running the conformance report in quiet mode. This can be done with the `--quiet` command: 
```

```scubagoggles gws --quiet```

Once the scan is complete, navigate to the output folder and open the `TestResults.json` file. 

> Each baseline will appear in the following format: 

Author: I added in the information, take a look at it and see if it makes sense.
